# 🩹 Remediation

There are several paths for remediation that range from architectural changes to minor changes like security solution rule additions.

It is important to diagnose and triage scenario failures to apply the appropriate remediation effort.

The following paths are recommended:

- Security architecture board review for architecture changes
- Cloud, IT Ops - for policy configuration, or capability changes, or
- Incident Response or SOC to add or improve detection logic

## Security Architecture Board

Certain scenarios, like those that validate core network segmentation or lack therof, might require consulting and informing the security architecture review board for more substantial security control changes and remediation

Examples of when this path is appropriate:

- Major system upgrades
- Network changes and design
- Major security control investment
- Application refactoring

## Cloud / IT Operations

Some scenario results will recommend a fundamental policy or configuration change.

Example: You discover that your EDR solution will never detect the Dump Keychain Credentials scenario unless a policy is changed in the EDR solution. This is an opportunity to discuss the primary control and compensating controls that can mitigate the threat and overall risk. This is also an opportunity to work with your product vendor to discuss capabilities or assumptions.

Examples of when this path is appropriate:

- When endpoint agents are discovered to not be installed, misconfigured, or don't have the correct policies enabled
- When the solution to remediation involves network access control and segmentation rules being correctly configured
- When the remediation solution involves a policy enforcement change

## Incident Response / SOC

Most AttackIQ scenario results will provide an artifact that can be translated to a detection rule that can be added to a security control.

These details can be found by reviewing the phase results of a scenario output once a scenario has completed.

Examples of when this path is appropriate:

- When remediation involves adding a detection rule or query filter to a technology solution
- Accepting the risk if no mitigation can be added