# 🚨 Planning for Agent Deployment

> Key Question: Where and how many agents should I deploy?

> Goal of Deploying Agents: Provide evidence of the current efficacy of security protection controls around critical business assets in order to improve the security readiness and resilience

## Level 1 Maturity Agent Deployment

> Level 1 Maturity: recommends two agents in one security zone.

This minimum deployment is recommended so that you can demonstrate a basic and manageable continuous cycle and process of testing, analysis, and remediation.

The first device, or set of devices, a test point agent is deployed to in Level 1 is a virtual machine or personal laptop located in the security IT department. This is fine so long as those devices represent a security profile that can be described as similar to a particular business asset.

As the deployment of assets expands, deploy test point agents to production business assets.

A common pitfall when deploy test point agents is to fail to take into account the required whitelisting rules that must be added to an endpoint security control when you deploy an agent to a machine that has an endpoint.

The goal of the AttackIQ agent is to act as a facilitator and conduit for scenarios to emulate attacker behaviour and validate configurations.

Agents are not the source of emulating attacker behaviour; scenarios are. Such end point solutions need to be properly configured to account for this and to not quarantine or block the AttackIQ agent.

Additionally, there are network rules that need to be added for the AttackIQ scenario to communicate and download necessary components from AttackIQ resources.